My dream since middle school has always been to be a computer programmer that began from first hearing the dialup tone while trying to play runescape on an old laptop.
however the term ENGINEER always intimidated me in a way that ultimately led to settling for whatever was the easiest choice in life, this attitude led to many decisions like choosing to take it easy on my grades, taking it easy on college decisions and ultimately choosing to take it easy on life in general.
It wasn't until I was faced with a poor life shaped out of poor decisions that let me to face all of the things that intimidated me in life starting with my current position as a line cook with aspirations to become a more productive human being. This led me into pursuing leadership, entreprenuerial and creative endevours all of which, where in restaurant industry I felt trapped in.
I thought that I was mentally trapped by my lack of accomplishments so I achieved everything a dedicated line cook could strive for with the exception of owning a restaurant. (touch on it and the full circle)
I became an assistant manager, then a kitchen manager, though the world was telling me I was doing everything right, I still felt insecure (imposter syndrome) and mistakenly thought it was the lack of the specific knowledge and skills of the craft so I gave up my leadership position for an appreticeship under the best chefs I could find In the big city, eventually working at a very prestigous restaurant again, I poured myself into the work until I earned the title of Chef.
A part of me felt proud yet I still felt something was missing, I still felt out of place in my industry. I felt as though on paper I had succeeded I still felt as though I had more to offer to the world, I began entertaining thoughts that maybe I was in the wrong industry, thoughts provoked by the fact that while the rest of the world was proud of me, one person saw more in me than I could see at the time, and ofcourse it was my mother and most likely other close relatives that weren't as vocal yet still gave me the impression that I had let them down in a way.
This made me ponder to figure out what I had did wrong and why my accomplishments wheren't enough. Deep introspection led me to remember how I had always been labled as the smart guy, the jimmy neutron of friends and family, I remembered how I covered this natural sharpness I possed for this sake of looking cool, and almost threw it away entirely in my young and reckless adolecense.
I thought back on what always interested me and remembered my lame days of playing runescape for hours on end over a dialup connection & fantisizing about multiple dual monitors before it was even a thing thing to me. Back then I knew my future had something to do with computers & design, but for the sake of cool I often ignored that vision.
(talk about it or summarize it.)