FIRST ORDER OF BUSINESS

With borrowed wisdom from my 10 year bout in the restaurant industry I understood one thing
and that is the importance of attention to detail and how even the most nuanced details of any skill can largely contribute to the craft/experience as a whole
I also undertood how monotanous and often times boring building real skills can be because of the way we learn.
To explain I liken the art of learning a skill to the process of forgery in how layers of metal are heated, stamped together and cooled precisely and repeatedly to create a sharp and sturdy object.

Knowing this as I set out on my journey of learning about the web and computers in general, I created a way for me to learn, practice, and reflect/measure my progress along the way.

To do this I came up with the learning center to serve as a section or maybe even my complete working portfolio in its entirety. I wanted to make something that was practical from a design perspective, usable from a beginners perspective, and understandable from a navigational perspective.

The result was a module type system in which I researched and found the most general and common components that create a complete web page.
I came up with this list
[buttons, checkboxes, comboBoxes, context boxes, date modals, dropdowns, forms, galleries, grids, icons, menus, modals, navbars, pop-ups, progress, radios, sliders, spinners, tabs, tags, text, toggles, & tooltips]

Not only did this feel daunting at first (just thinking about it felt tiresome), but I also found in my research of how to design and implement these components that there where entire libraries and frameworks complete with documentation for these kind of things, packaged up and ready for production...

It felt somewhat deflating when I realised that my bright idea to create all of these web components in there different forms where already presented in a standard type of way, and that if I continued It may be a waste of time. I felt way behind the curve and that also using these libraries may even put me further behind the curve even though it appears that they save valuable time.

Then it dawned on me that if I could infact complete this project not only would it put me further up the curve but it would also put the legend of imposter syndrome behind me when I seek out real world projects, a project like this would give me the confidence & speed I needed to tackle real world front-end challenges.

I would have the reps to develop subsequent projects fluently, I would tackle problems easily, I would become able to document and resolve other peoples unique challenges and ultimately become more valuable to whoever I render my service to in the future. 

thus ____.com was born