Now that I've gone through the drudged self directed bootcamp
what can I do with it.

Well throughout the time I spent creating these components the answer felt quite intuitive.
since it mostly involved html and css, I knew javascript but I didn't KNOW javascript I could do a few things but 
I didn't quite understand the fundamentals in a fluent way.
My goal was to be able to complete project after project withing hours or days rather than the weeks or months it took in the early years of my developement. I hated the work flow of swiftly tackling things I understood but taking days or weeks to understand a single concept it took to make the project feel complete. that process felt deflating, demoralizing and just tiresome and so I wanted to invest the time upfront to tackle as many common challenges with the language in a way that the faluires and mistakes where mitigated and address by being in a controlled learning environement. 

Using what I currently had to work with I started creating libraries and components so that I could build upon and intergrate the styles used in the previous project seamlessly and quickly. I wanted it to feel like a standard library or framework, so that when I did come into contact with a framework or library I could fully grasp what was happening and know if I should borrow/use the methods and concepts within it or if I was off the mark entirely and should look in a different direction to solve whatever problem I was facing. 

This led to page transitions, animations, and effictively paginating through content. I wanted to focus on this first just for the sake of specialization. I knew I would delve into other areas of the stack however, because of my knowledge and interest with photography, adobeCC, astetics I knew I would be much more confuortable on the front-end. I also have a very curious nature so I planned for that also saving advanced concepts for when I was somewhat prepared to tackle backend problems. 

This process felt lengthy at times however it allowed me to buy time to find and create content for my blog/portfolio effectively building up to somehting that felt more concrete.