The best purchase I've ever made as a male.

Clippers

Don't get me wrong going to the barbershop is one of the most gratifying experiences of the week whenever it happens,
and if you can, I suggest having a master barber on call, no matter the price it's worth it to find the best of the best for the perfect occasion.

Self grooming feels like getting out of a barber chair 3 times a week for free.99.

Here's a few other things I've found through cutting my own hair.

*** 'keep your brain on point'
Keeps you smart - 

    no really, cutting with the right hand is a peice of cake, but when you switch to the left to keep that same edge consistent thats when things get challenging and I've read that small challenges like this have huge benifits to keeping your brain on point {reference: engaging left-hand(right-brain) for stimulation and growth} The science behind it
    is another topic all together but I think it's worth noting.


*** 'three types of faces a man wears'
Promotes healthy relationships - (with yourself) - 

"Getting in touch with the man in the mirror often carries alot of benifits."

When I cut my own hair I also take the time to practice speaking and my tone of voice, I practice engaging eye contact from a soft gaze to a hard stare, I practice smiling and reflecting on how much feelings and facial expressions are correlated and may be viewed in light. In doing so I've found there are "three types of faces a man wears",
 
    The fresh-cut face, while very charming and vibrant, can be overwhelming in certain situtations both for the person
    graced with your presence and for your emotions particularly in sutiations where a more relaxed and calm overall 
    apperance would me more suited than your super-inflated self esteem from a fresh cut.

    The need a cut soon but can't affoard it until next week, can be the worst, you don't want to talk most people and even
    if you do there's always this underlying feeling of I can't wait to get fresh which leaves you looking more focused than relaxed.
    
    The my hair still looks good face, I find is the perfect balance for most all situations, its humble in a way that
    is less distracting for you and everyone else but still carries the effect of a sufficient daily confidence booster

    A well groomed appearance carries with it a face that says I am in a healthy, confident, and focused mental condition, and you can trust me with the same confidence in light.


**** 'it's probably your face.' 
Promotes healthy relationships - (with others) -

        Has anyone ever called you out for feeling or looking a certain way, brodcasting a certain vibe while leaving you clueless and
        unassuming as to whether or not it's even true, and if it is how did they know, and why/how is it that whatever it is carries so much influence?

        "I found that 'it's probably your face.'"

        You feel one way so the thousands of your face shows it, but in your mind you want people to believe you see you a totally different way but what they're actually seeing is much better, your face almost always tells the truth.
        Thing is you almost never see your own face, but every one else does. Because of this you often forget how your facial expression can dramatically change a dynamic social environment. Your face tells the world how you feel if they are paying attention, but if you pay the same attention you can control your emotional state for the benifit of yourself and anyone you come into contact with.

        *I realized this while cutting my own hair and I started to learn subtle things like how to look focused and relaxed as apposed focused and intolerant by taking notice, and effectively getting in touch with the real emotions correlated with each look.


*** 'how my inner and outer state can effect and create positive relationships'
Helps you dress better - 

    Grooming my hair frequently inspired me to look nicer, thinking well my face looks alright I may as
    well dress nice and interact with the world today. The more I became self aware of how my inner state/appearance can effect or create positive relationships the more I became more conscious about my outer appearance can effectively do the same or maginify the effect of maintaining both in harmony. I realized why people wear suits and became inspired to get some basic suits that I could where for the occasion. "I fell back in love with my fashion sense for the positive thing it was for culture and society in contrast to a more vanity centric perspective."


*** 'everything worth while really does take time to develop.'
Helps you loosen up - When you first start... Your going to mess it up. 

    "I never thought I'd wear a bald head until it was either that or a jacked hairline."
    I hate long side burns but when you mess up your beard, you gotta roll with it.
    I didn't think I'd look good without the same taper I normally get, but then you take
    that fade just a bit to high and now you have to find out for sure.

    I would walk around with different haircuts alot, not because I wanted to be different but because I had to.
    I had to get comfortable being uncomfortable for weeks at time until I found a look that I like and could actually
    practice & perfect without needing a clean razor afterward.
        -effectively teaching me 
            --how to be more relaxed in an uncomfortable social setting.
            --how to laugh things off and keep going.
        -and refortifying past lessons like
            "--how 'everything worth while really does take time to develop.'"
            --nobody is really paying as much attention or cares as much as you think they do.
            --self reliance is worth taking the time to develop


*** 'progressively build esteem and character naturally in a way that like people can relate to'
In closing self grooming help me understand why self improvement and independence is such a heavy topic.

    I'll even go so far as to say it helped me understand why drugs and alchohol are bad
        --by
            -showing me what sober/humble accomplishment feels like in comparison over time
            "-and how to 'progressively build esteem and character naturally in a way that like people can relate to'."
        --and that
            -drugs are like the shortcut to self-esteem and a pleasant way of living that leads to a dead end 
                mentaly, physicaly and emotionaly.
            "-the real/tradtional ways are as old as time for a reason."
