My desire to change careers came during the pandemic. I took most of the money I recieved from unemployment on cameras and equipment, adobe software, and programming courses. I felt like I was finally free to see what life was like beyond the helm of a busy restuarant. I took full advantage of this and I can't remember feeling so alive and hopeful for the future.

Prior to the event I remember noticing that, in the positions I was striving, there didn't seem to be a single person in a happy place mentatily and often physically as well.
As I pondered that and began to actively look for such individuals, the reality of the industry I was in started to look a bit more grim, however I met other people through photography and web development I could say that such a people did exist.

I noticed that after the pandemic, there weren't as many young people actively applying for a cooks position as when I first began around 10 years ago. The only people that were around were older, often tired souls just doing the only thing they knew. It was almost like a sign and the regret in their eyes scared the shit out of me. This fear turned into inspiration and I got back into my studies and pick up my camera and computer with a bit more purpose and passion. 

I felt as though since I met so many indivuduals unhappy with their career choices, I would be niave to 
think that this couldn't happen to me. I also felt as though my ambitions, even in the wake of progress and momentum, were selfish and that I had the potential to apply myself to something that could be potentialy fruitful for myself and my family and friends, rather than my bruised ego. 
At first I felt as though everything I did in my last 10 years would be for nothing if I pursued other endevours but on the other hand something kept telling me that I was doing everything right, and that my efforts weren't in vein; after all I had accomplished and learned alot. In my efforts went from a cantakerous young adult to a respectable assitant manager, kitchen manager, culinary manager, chef, and overall someone that others began to look up to... all through hard work, persistance, self reflection, and self directed study. 
Working with business owners, and tireless craftsmen really opened my eyes to something bigger than the industry, it opened my eyes to the human potential and the oppurtinities that may present itself with determined effort. Also working with the exact oppisite sparked a fire under my seat, that fire was a fear of what lies beneath everything short of faith & hardwork. Which brings me here.